zkEVM: Adding "Proving system inputs" doc (#532)
0xPolygon/polygon-docs: docs/zkEVM/architecture/proving-inputs/index.md

Generating the proof of correct processing of a single batch requires several inputs.

In addition to data of each transaction in the processed batch, other inputs are necessary for network's overall security.

For example, some are inputs that need to be sent to the smart contract.

Central to generation of proofs and their verification are the verifier smart contract and the prover, as well as how these two interact.

This document therefore explores what the prover transmits to the verifier smart contract, and why.

In the zkEVM context, the focus is on generating _succinct_[^1] proofs rather than privacy concerns. 

Consequently, L2 transactions and L2 state data are public. 

> We therefore delve into the initial design of the proving system, operating without private inputs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We therefore delve into the initial design of the proving system, which operates without private inputs.
```

## Public inputs

Recall that the prover generates a proof, and sends the proof and an array of public inputs, denoted by $\texttt{[publics]}$ to the smart contract. The figure below depicts this.

![Figure: _ ](../../../img/zkEVM/psi-prover-sends-to-verif-sc.png)

The public inputs consist of the following data:

> (a) `batchData` which is the data of all the L2 transactions in the batch being proved.

Reviewer: Suggest changing this to an unordered list.
